>> Jem Young: Security Terry.
So this is Security Terry.
Security Terry pops up when there's
something that we should know about cuz
we should always think about security.
I'll hit this point over and
over and over again today.
People are always trying to
break into your computer.
It's just a fact of life.
I guarantee right now that I
have a server up and running for
this class, someone is trying
to break into it right now.
It's probably an automated script or
just someone with too much free time.
So we always have to be
mindful of security,
we always have to be mindful of security.
So-
>> Speaker 2: Little anecdote about that.
>> Jem Young: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I threw up a WordPress
sandbox site, just to play with,
I threw like the first post up there.
Five minutes, someone hit it with spam.
>> Jem Young: [LAUGH] It's
just a fact of life now.
You don't leave your front
door unlocked do you?
You don't leave your car unlocked.
No, so we secure everything.
And I will always be dropping in
security hints the whole time because
honestly you can't DDoS one.
So DDoS is distributed denial of service.
Essentially it means you take over
a bunch of unsecured computers and
you just slam one site with a bunch of
traffic that they can't response to you.
That's a DDoS,
essentially takes it offline.
And the way that happens is
unsecured computers mainly, so
that's why people like to
break in on these computers.
They have this thing, some sort of
script that'll take over my computer
it'll mine BitCoin or
spam people or do whatever.
And unfortunately it's people's bad
security practices that are responsible
for DDoS attacks, because
let's face it a hacker's not gonna buy $7
million of Amazon servers to do something.
No, they're going to take over free
servers, computers like yours and mine.